You're watching
The Grinder.
-For justice?
-For justice!
Catch all-new episodes Tuesdays,
and check out
our other Fox programs--
Scream Queens, Empire
and Grandfathered.
This is Edie,
your granddaughter.
Only on Fox.
¶ ¶
CHILDREN:
Grinder! Grinder!
GRINDER:
Esto es una Guasa!
(child shouts)
Gordon Stutz.
My former partner and mentor.
How did you find me?
It's not hard
when you're looking for someone
who wants to be found.
What can I do you for, Gordo?
How long we gonna
keep up this charade?
That this is all enough.
That this is all you need.
What do you know
about what I need?!
I know you need the smell
of that courtroom.
You worship the law!
That's another life, Stutz.
You think this is easy for me?!
You were the son
I never had!
I taught you
everything!
I gave you everything!
My daughter!
My firm!
And you took it away!
That was my merger!
Those were my stock options!
I built that firm.
(gun cocks)
I suggest you reel in those
fishing lines, Counselor.
'Cause things are
about to get tangled.
What?!
(laughs):
Yeah!
To be continued?
It gets more powerful
every time I see it.
Shall we?
Part two--
Todd!
We haven't even
discussed part one yet.
Oh, I thought we were
gonna watch both parts,
and then discuss it
as a collective piece.
No! We watch one,
then we talk about it.
Then we watch one,
Come on, Todd.
Sorry. As I was saying it,
I realized that was
not a smart idea.
It's a heck of a beard, son.
The show had to take eight
months off while I grew it in.
Worth it.
You guys are still here?!
Todd, I see you
needed to pop off
your shoes and your socks
to get comfortable; that's nice.
How many of these are you guys
gonna watch, you think?
As many as it takes.
To do... what?
Well, I guess
we could watch part two,
and then take a little break?
Sure, or you could
take the break now
and then you can watch part two
later and somewhere else.
Nah.
Seriously, Todd?
What?!
All the popcorn
that had missed your mouth
and collected on your chest
is now on the floor.
Stew! Stop yelling at Todd.
He's my guest.
I will take care of it.
Todd?
Yes, I'll clean this up.
All right, now you're just,
now you're just mashing it
deeper in the carpet.
And it's in that room now!
¶ ¶
Stew, can you toss me
your car keys?
Sure... uh, why?
The truck can't fit
in the driveway.
Truck?
Yeah, and you're blocking it.
And Andre is not good
with reverse.
Andre?
Particularly
with a truck of this size.
Okay, Dean, who's Andre?
And what truck?
And what's happening?
Well, I told you I sold
my house in L.A., right?
No, I have not heard that ever.
No, you did not tell us that.
I feel like we would
remember that.
This is news to us, mm-hmm.
Big news.
Really? Huh.
Thought I did.
Anyway, Andre brought
my stuff out.
And I should
get him a sandwich.
Uh, Dean, I'm sorry.
Who's Andre?
He's my stand-in.
I don't, I don't know
what a stand-in is.
And my body double.
That's even less clear.
Oh, so any shot
of The Grinder
where you don't see my face,
it's Andre.
We're identical
from behind.
So he does
all my wide shots,
my faceless lovemaking shots
and stands there,
while they do
all the boring lighting stuff.
(truck horn honking)
That is a semi truck.
Are you bringing
all that stuff in here?
'Cause, you know, Dean,
I'm-I'm just,
I'm just looking around,
and I'm thinking, spatially,
we don't have, uh, room.
Hm-mm.
That's why I sent the first
four trucks to storage!
Thanks.
(stammers)
Okay, this is real now.
Oh, this just got real now?
This has not been a real issue
for you until-until right now?
Yeah, well, the semi truck
made it real for me.
Yeah, I know-- that's why you
have to talk to him.
I do?
Yeah.
He's your brother.
Well, that's the perfect reason
why you should do it,
because you're not weighted down
by all the, you know,
the baggage.
Oh, that makes complete sense.
Except I'm not doing that.
Not happening.
Oh, hon, come on.
You know how
sensitive he is.
He's gonna take it
the wrong way,
he's gonna think I don't want
to be his brother anymore,
and he's gonna make me meet him
at a lake or something,
to talk about it at midnight.
Just tell him that we've loved
having him...
Which we have.
that we're excited
to help him start this
new chapter in his life...
Which we are.
But, you know,
maybe just hold off
on unloading
an entire semi truck
into our home.
STEWART:
Dean?
Uh, excuse me, Dean?
Oh, my God!
Sorry, Andre.
You're Andre.
And you must be Stewart.
Yes, yes, that's right. Hi.
Ah. (grunting)
Okay. (chuckles)
I have heard so much about you.
Oh, likewise, likewise.
Oh, good.
Uh, sorry I screamed
when I saw your face.
DEAN:
Look at this!
Ah, I like
what I'm seeing here.
And I like what I'm feeling.
Good energy
between you two already.
Excited to see where it goes.
Me, too.
Yeah, definitely.
Listen, cherish every moment
you get with this man.
Doing it.
Soak it all up.
'Cause this is
a new chapter for you.
It's a whole cha-- new chapter?
Is he...?
You're gonna be sticking around
for a little while then?
Um, Andre, can you
give us a sec?
I can and I will.
He's so deep.
Yeah, seems, seems great.
I have a confession to make.
When I sold my house
in Malibu...
Yeah?
...I forgot Andre
was living in it.
Okay.
When I quit The Grinder,
you know,
that put him out of a job.
Where's this going?
Andre is in the midst
of a very steep downward spiral.
That's why I had him
drive the truck out here.
To take his mind off of it.
Dean, I'm very sorry
to hear that,
but he can't stay here,
if that's what you were asking.
No, no way.
Is it because he's gay?
Wha...? No!
I didn't even know that, Dean!
Why would that
make a difference?
You tell me.
(Debbie screams)
Oh, sounds like Deb
just met Andre.
So, what your talk accomplished
was Dean is still not
moving out and Andre
is now moving in?
(sighs)
Currently, yes, Deb.
That is the...
that is the situation.
Got it.
Good job.
Uh, Dean...?
What's up?
Okay, um, well,
(clears throat)
Dean, since you have sold
your place in Malibu...
Congratulations,
by the way.
Thank you.
Um, I-I just started wondering
if there's, uh,
you know, another property
you were thinking about,
uh, investing in?
Just for capital gains reasons.
For capital gains?
Yeah, capital gains, mostly.
Because it seems silly to let
that money get taxed like that.
'Cause there's a lot of other
opportunities here in Boise
for reinvestment.
You could go--
Stew, Stew.
I know what this is all about.
I've overstayed my welcome.
No, Dean, Deb and have
loved having you here.
"Loved"? Wow.
I can see I'm already gone.
DEAN SR.:
Deano!
Bang-up job on these
cross complaint filings.
Uh, that's actually mine, Dad.
Are you sure? Because they
read just like Dean.
Yeah, pretty sure.
All right, if you say so.
Dad, before you go,
you're gonna want to hear this.
Stewart's asked me to move out.
What?!
No, that's not--
I've not asked him.
Claire, you may want
to come in here for this.
Todd...
Did the filings bounce back?
No, I just got
kicked to the streets.
I'm not kicking you
out on the street.
I just wanted
to start a conversation.
Well, you always have
a bed at my place.
And you're always welcome
to the air mattress I sleep on.
Just say the word and
I will make that happen.
Claire, what's your offer?
Oh. Uh, no offer.
Well, that's fair.
Dad, Todd...
I will let you know my decision.
It is... unclear where
I will be sleeping tonight.
But what is clear
is where I will not
be sleeping tonight.
Or ever again.
¶ ¶
Uncle Dean loved
taco nights, Dad.
LIZZIE: Yeah. It was
his favorite night.
Right after Sloppy Joe night.
Why am I the bad guy here?
Because you kicked out
your own brother.
I did not do that. I...
your mom will
back me up on this.
Your father has never
been that direct
about anything in his life.
Thank you. And if I know
anything about your uncle,
it's that he'll be back,
believe me.
Okay. Well, until that happens,
I don't think I can
participate in taco night.
Me neither.
ANDRE:
Thank you, Andre.
(children clamoring on TV)
Grinder!
(laughs)
(speaking Spanish)
(child speaking Spanish)
(laughing)
It's taco night over there.
I'm missing it.
Well, I got
some taco shells.
We could just dump
the chili into 'em.
Oh, nah, Dad. It's okay.
It's not the same.
Nah, it isn't.
Maybe he's just had enough.
You know?
I'm a big personality.
I can suck a lot of air
out of the room.
I think you suck the perfect
amount of air, son.
Sorry.
¶ ¶
Good morning, Andre.
Morning.
You kids are up early.
Mom, you look
kind of rough.
Thanks, Ethan.
Appreciate it.
Ethan...
I'm sorry, Andre.
Hey, where are all Dean's boxes?
I put them in storage.
Wait. You moved an entire
semitruck-worth of boxes
into storage last night?
And he fixed
the dishwasher.
Wow! Thanks, Andre.
We've been trying to find time
to do that for weeks.
ANDRE:
Well, you're in
the clear.
Pancakes?
Yeah. Sure.
Why the hell not?
Deb?
Oh, no,
thank you.
I'm feeling a little
under the weather.
You are?
Yeah.
Oh...
ANDRE: Stew, would you mind
putting your hand
on your wife's forehead
for me, please?
I... I wouldn't.
Oh, babe, you are kind of warm.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, she's definitely
fighting something off.
Oh, it's fine, you guys.
I can't take a sick day.
Well, hon, that is
what they're there for.
You gotta listen
to your body, Mom.
You never listen.
Okay.
Well, if you guys
all insist...
I insist.
Mm-hmm.
Thank you, Andre.
¶ ¶
It is a total 180
at Dad's.
He's got a pool,
there's no line
for the bathroom
and no one's being
a raging butthole.
Did you call me
a "raging butthole"?
Watch it, Stew.
Stewart, I've lived in a lot
of different places
other than your house.
I'm just saying, at Dad's,
nobody's a raging butthole.
That's all, Stew.
Oh.
Juror number 11.
Have you ever had
a negative experience
with a member
of a hospital staff?
I was on a bunch of pills once
and I strangled a nurse.
Does that count?
Yeah, it counts.
Um...
uh, I think we need
to strike number 11.
Damn, I kind of liked
number 11.
She just said
she strangled a nurse.
Yeah. On pills, Claire.
We should also find out...
Who is the plant
on this jury?
The... plant?
You think someone's
tampering with the jury
on a basic property dispute?
DEAN (quietly):
Claire, I want you
to run a full security check
on every one of these people.
I want to know things about them
that they don't even know
about themselves.
What are you thinking?
A subpoena
on all their cell records
and 24-hour video surveillance?
That's exactly
what I'm thinking.
TODD:
You heard the man, Claire.
Go.
No. Wait, wait.
Don't worry.
Not going anywhere.
Right, because if she finds
what I think she's gonna find,
I can't protect all of us.
Dean, there is no plant.
Nobody's running
background checks
on anyone, so just drop it.
Oh.
I understand
what's going on here.
First you kick me
out of the house
and now you...
kick me out of the courtroom.
That's not at all
what I'm saying.
Well, that's what I'm hearing,
coming from right here.
Your mouth hole.
(door opens)
¶ ¶
(zippers unzip)
I hate this part, too.
Urinating?
Jury selection.
(urinal flushing)
(zips up, clears throat)
Hugh Rozz. Pat Landy.
Opposing counsel.
We're past that, right?
Not at all.
Great. We'll keep
identifying ourselves, then.
I'm sorry. Did I see what
I think I saw out there?
Because what
I think I saw
was a gifted legal mind
getting shut out
of the process.
I'm starting to get
wound up, Hugh.
Oh, I'm already
wound up, Pat.
Look, if you ever
want to swing by
our office, talk...
we love to listen.
Come in. Come-come in.
Thank you. Um, have a seat.
What is this about?
We have a lot of work to do.
What are we talking about?
We're talking about me.
We're talking about
my role in the firm.
I will sit for this.
DEAN:
It's like...
Todd, I get it.
You're the quirky associate.
You like wrestling,
you have a creepy
obsession with me...
Yes...
Claire, you're the strong,
attractive female colleague.
Will we kiss?
Will we not kiss?
That's-that's very clear to me.
We will not
come close to kissing.
What am I?
Well, you're the patriarch.
Not as sharp as you used to be,
but it's funny, so it works.
Well, if it works...
And Stew...
you're the lead.
What are we talking about?
It seems like you all have
a pretty full cast as it is.
Maybe you need a funny black guy
and a chubby guy with a beard.
Well, Todd can do that.
Yeah, that's true.
You could...
Yeah, I can try
and grow something in.
It would help me.
Oh, I think
it would help everyone.
DEBBIE: You caulked all
the downstairs windows?
ANDRE:
Yeah.
So what are
we thinking?
Am I going into work this
afternoon, Andre, or...?
The only work you have to do
is getting yourself better.
Oh.
So what you're saying is that
I'm at work now, here,
in front of the television?
That's exactly what I'm saying.
Oh, I like that.
Would you mind if I step out
to see an apartment
this afternoon?
What... You're gonna go
see an apartment? Why?
Well, I... I just feel like
I'm getting in the way here.
What?! Andre!
Don't be silly,
you're not getting in the way.
All right, I'm gonna check
on the windows upstairs.
There's a goat cheese
arugula salad in the fridge.
I made it fresh.
Where have you been all my life?
Dean's guest house.
¶ ¶
All right, let me
get this straight:
Your brother won't
let you speak in court
just because you don't
have a degree?
Yeah, he says the laws
in that area are "ironclad."
So he's just gonna
let that law stand?
Find a loophole, buddy.
You can do that?
Yeah, we do it
all the time.
Dig up an old law,
say that it applies,
and, boom, you're giving opening
statements later that day.
Let me guess, I'll bet he's
got you studying for the bar.
Yes, and it is so boring.
But it is important.
Yeah, if you want to learn
how to take a test,
but it doesn't teach you
crap about the grind.
Thank you.
You practiced law for,
what, eight seasons on TV?
Yeah, and-and I think that
that should be worth something.
Hell, yeah, it is.
Would you rather have a heart
attack next to McDreamy
or next to some guy who never
played a doctor on TV?
McDreamy, no-brainer.
I use that reference
weekly with Stewart.
Only I use Noah Wyle.
But McDreamy makes the point
in a much more dramatic way.
You look good in here, and I'm
gonna go out on a limb and say
you feel good in here too.
This could be your home, Hoss.
Don't call me that.
Won't happen again.
And, look, we don't doubt
your brother wants you
at Sandy Yao.
But does he want you enough?
Season 4, Episode 17.
"Grindsight is 20/20."
You ran, but Gordon
Stutz came after you,
because he needed you
and couldn't run
the firm without you.
You think Stewart
would chase after you...
if you were to run?
(phone rings)
DEBBIE (sick voice): Mm-ello?
MAN:
Uh, Deb Sanderson?
Who's asking?
Yes, I'm Sam Biddle,
landlord over at 287 Garvey.
A man named Andre listed you
as a reference.
Oh... right.
I cannot say enough nice
things about him.
Great. He'll move in right away,
get him out of your hair.
Uh... um...
On second thought,
you may want to look into
Andre's felony convictions.
I mean, I really shouldn't be
the person who's saying this.
I'm sorry, did you say felony?
Bye.
Oh. Work.
And I told them that
I should take it easy.
Like you said.
You're doing the right thing.
(crickets chirping)
So you told
the landlord...
that Andre was a...
a convicted felon.
Yeah.
Yeah, I did.
And that was just so he could
keep making you salads?
Well, I mean, he's been doing
a lot of other stuff
around the house too, babe.
Right.
That didn't make you feel guilty
at all, saying that about him?
Um...
No?
No, I feel pretty good about it.
Okay, that, uh...
that makes sense.
Mm.
Night.
(cell phone buzzes)
Oh, you got to be kidding me.
Ugh.
Oh, man.
Say hi to Dean.
I can't wait to hear why
this had to happen outside.
Because I didn't want
to trespass.
Because I no longer
live here.
Seriously?
Dean... (scoffs)
aren't you taking
this a little far?
I just want to be totally
honest, full disclosure,
so you don't hear it
from anyone else.
Hear what from anyone else?
I met with another firm.
Really?
What... firm?
I met with Huston Rozz
and Patrice Landy
of the law firm
Rozz/Landy & Associates.
Why?
They want me to practice law.
For their firm. With full
in-court speaking privileges.
Dean, we talked about this,
you can't speak in court
until you pass the bar.
They had an interesting
take on the bar.
"Skip it."
That is an interesting take.
Yeah.
And they were
a little surprised
that my brother hadn't figured
out a bar work-around.
Dean, the legal profession
is very clear on this.
Take the test, pass the
test, become a lawyer.
Well, they seem
to think that eight years
of television experience
was sufficient.
I'm inclined
to agree with them.
Then what's stopping you?
Maybe nothing.
You want to work
for Rozz and Landy,
then work for
Rozz and Landy.
Maybe I will.
Is this all
just because I asked you
what the long-term plan was?
You-you can't be an
adult about anything.
You know, it turns into
this whole big deal,
you move out, and now
everyone's mad at me.
Admit it, you never wanted me
to be a partner in the firm.
Yes, I admit it.
I've admitted that since
the second you got here.
What about all the business
I brought in?
What about all
the cases we won?
You said it yourself--
we were a great team.
I brought the style,
and you brought the legal stuff.
We were unstoppable.
Or did you forget that?
Take care of Andre for me.
I will not do that.
Because he's gay?
Because he's a grown man.
See you around, brother.
Okay, Dean.
I'll see you around.
You know your car's here.
I don't understand.
He drove here just to walk away?
That doesn't make s-sense.
What is this?
Is this plain eggs,
not an omelet?
Okay...
Where's the cilantro?
And the avocado toast?
Guys...
Andre?
Ethan.
Andre!
Ethan, take it easy.
Andre is not here anymore.
What?!
Why?!
I got a little
too attached to Andre.
Your mother lied
to a lot of people.
Mom...?
Well, I did sabotage him,
so that he could not get a job
or a decent place to live.
Where... is he?
He's doing good.
I had to cosign on
an apartment for him,
but at a nice place,
uh, and it's far away from here,
and it's-it's not our house.
I don't want to know where.
I wouldn't tell
you if you asked.
So you kicked him out.
Just like you kicked out
Uncle Dean.
No, it's not...
Guys...
Is anyone safe?
I hope you're happy.
Uh... (scoffs)
I mean, maybe
we could just...
Deb, he's gone.
Fine.
STEWART: I promise you
Dean is not leaving the firm.
I don't know, Stew.
It's not like Dean
to be this late.
That's true, he's
usually later.
What if he went night-hiking
and fell in the ravine?
He could just be laying there
with a broken leg
and no cell service.
Can we please lay off
the random worst-case
scenarios, Todd?
Oh, there he is.
See?
Good morning,
team Sanderson & Yao.
Dean, you're late.
The judge wants to start.
We talked about
being on ti--
Or we could hug first.
I was hoping you'd chase me.
Where?
Anywhere.
Dad, I'm sorry.
Sometimes a young bird
needs to spread his wings.
I understand, son,
because that's how young birds
learn how to fly.
I'm coming with you.
Screw you. Screw you.
Screw you guys!
No.
Well, thank you
for your consideration.
Sorry.
Sorry, I'm staying here.
Just scratch that
from the record.
Happy to be here. I'm...
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've just watched The Grinder.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
MULDER:
They spy on us,
tell us that makes us safer.
We've never been
in more danger.
I'm Special Agent Dana Scully,
and this is Special Agent
Fox Mulder.
What if our work, the X-Files,
everything we've been led
to believe in is a lie?
Then do something
about it.